Step Functions Redrive Tracing (#26811)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/step_functions/redrive.md

4. Click on the **Failed** pill to open a redrive modal.
5. Click the **Redrive** button.

## Tracing redrives

> When monitoring redriven executions, the Waterfall view is recommended as the large gap between the original execution and redrive can make the Flame Graph view imperceptible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When monitoring redriven executions, use the Waterfall view, as the large gap between the original execution and redrive can make the Flame Graph view imperceptible.
```
This is a stronger recommendation but in this context I think it's okay -- just trying to reduce the sentence length here.
